backups-disaster-recovery.md, before:

---

copyright:
  years: 2015, 2020
lastupdated: "2020-11-12"

subcollection: mas-ms

---

{:shortdesc: .shortdesc}
{:screen: .screen}  
{:codeblock: .codeblock}  
{:pre: .pre}
{:tip: .tip}
{:note: .note}
{:external: target="_blank" .external}

# Backups and Disaster Recovery
{: #backups-and-disaster-recovery}

## Application Backups
{: #application-backups}


Data used by applications within the Maximo Application Suite portfolio are backed up according to the following:

All backups are encrypted. Communication between applications, backup scripts the storage layer and DB services are perfromed via secure transport and accessed only via private endpoints that are offered by the service. Production backups are performed once a day. Backups are stored in a separate IBM Cloud data center location.

## System Configuration Backups
{: #system-configuration-backups}

Maximo Application Suite utilizes different components to deliver the applications to clients.  Each of these services are backed up using the appropriate backup tool for that component.  In general, all component backups:

* are encrypted
* are taken daily
* are stored in a separate data center

## Restore
{: #restore}

Restore requests must be submitted via case (ticket) through the IBM Support Community Portal.  The expected turn around time will depend on the severity and the size of the restore required.  Generally for non-production systems, expect 1 - 3 days for a restore to happen.

## Disaster Recovery
{: #disaster-recovery}

In the event of a DR issue with the Maximo Application Suite Managed Service offering for a specific customer, IBM's focus will be in the following order:

1. Recover the existing infrastructure in place
2. Recover within the same IBM Cloud data center to a new infrastructure
3. Recover to a secondary IBM Cloud data center

In the event a disaster is declared, the base parameters are:

Recovery Time Objective (RTO)  - 72 hours
Recovery Point Objective (RPO) - 24 hours

RTO is the longest possible time needed to make the application available.
RPO is the longest possible time since data was last backed up.

These are Service Level Objectives (SLO's) and not Service Level Agreements.

For information on IBM business continuity, please refer to IBM's Business Continuity Management Position Paper:

https://www.ibm.com/downloads/cas/81M5VGP7

Commit message:

updates to backups and support

backups-disaster-recovery.md, after:

---

copyright:
  years: 2015, 2020
lastupdated: "2020-11-12"

subcollection: mas-ms

---

{:shortdesc: .shortdesc}
{:screen: .screen}  
{:codeblock: .codeblock}  
{:pre: .pre}
{:tip: .tip}
{:note: .note}
{:external: target="_blank" .external}

# Backups and Disaster Recovery
{: #backups-and-disaster-recovery}

## Application Backups
{: #application-backups}


Data used by applications within the Maximo Application Suite portfolio are backed up according to the following:

All backups are encrypted. Communication between applications, backup scripts the storage layer and DB services are perfromed via secure transport and accessed only via private endpoints that are offered by the service. Production backups are performed once a day. Backups are stored in a separate IBM Cloud data center location.

## System Configuration Backups
{: #system-configuration-backups}

Maximo Application Suite utilizes different components to deliver the applications to clients.  Each of these services are backed up using the appropriate backup tool for that component.  In general, all component backups:

* are encrypted
* are taken daily
* are stored in a separate data center

## Restore
{: #restore}

Restore requests must be submitted via case (ticket) through the IBM Support Community Portal.  The expected turn around time will depend on the severity and the size of the restore required.  Generally for non-production systems, expect 1 - 3 days for a restore to happen. Database restore can only be done to one of the previous daily backups (cannot restore to point in time).

## Disaster Recovery
{: #disaster-recovery}

In the event of a DR issue with the Maximo Application Suite Managed Service offering for a specific customer, IBM's focus will be in the following order:

1. Recover the existing infrastructure in place
2. Recover within the same IBM Cloud data center to a new infrastructure
3. Recover to a secondary IBM Cloud data center
4. are saved for 30 days

In the event a disaster is declared, the base parameters are:

Recovery Time Objective (RTO)  - 72 hours
Recovery Point Objective (RPO) - 24 hours

RTO is the longest possible time needed to make the application available.
RPO is the longest possible time since data was last backed up.

These are Service Level Objectives (SLO's) and not Service Level Agreements.

For information on IBM business continuity, please refer to IBM's Business Continuity Management Position Paper:

https://www.ibm.com/downloads/cas/81M5VGP7
