limitations-exclusions.md, before:

---

copyright:
  years: 2015, 2020
lastupdated: "2020-11-12"

subcollection: mas-ms

---

{:shortdesc: .shortdesc}
{:screen: .screen}  
{:codeblock: .codeblock}  
{:pre: .pre}
{:tip: .tip}
{:note: .note}
{:external: target="_blank" .external}

# Limitations & Exclusions
{: #limitations-exclusions}

Maximo Application Suite Managed Services is implemented using a defined set of technologies and operates within a security profile designed to ensure our  client's data is secure and the applications operate efficiently and effectively.  As a result of the decisions made regarding technologies and to meet the high security standards, there are differences between what is available using the Managed Services and what a client could do if they hosted and operated the Suite themselves.

The following items are not included or allowed in the Maximo Application Suite Managed Services offering:

## Databases
{: #databases}

Only DBb is supported.  Oracle and SQLServer are not supported.  Conversion services are available.

## Manage Application
{: #manage-application}

No Java extensions are supported.  It is assumed the Manage scripting capability will be used for these types of extensions.  Existing Maximo customers who have Java extensions will need to move these functions into scripts within the application.

## 3rd Party Applications
{: #3rd-party-applications}

Maximo Application Suite Managed Services will not host or support any 3rd party application.  3rd Party applications hosted outside the MS environment can be integrated to applications with the Suite provided they follow standard integration protocols.

## Access
{: #access}

Clients will not have access to the operating system, file system or overall administration of the Suite.  DBAdmin access or direct updating of the database is not allowed.

## MAS Administrator Functions
{: #mas-administrator-functions}

Direct access to the clusters is not available.  Changes required must be submitted using the ticketing system and then the SRE team will execute.

Commit message:

Moving Publish to Draft
Moving Publish to Draft. This will allow us to have a test branch before committing to Publish.

limitations-exclusions.md, after:

---

copyright:
  years: 2015, 2020
lastupdated: "2022-07-19"

subcollection: mas-ms

---

{:shortdesc: .shortdesc}
{:screen: .screen}  
{:codeblock: .codeblock}  
{:pre: .pre}
{:tip: .tip}
{:note: .note}
{:external: target="_blank" .external}

# Limitations & Exclusions
{: #limitations-exclusions}

Maximo Application Suite Managed Services is implemented using a defined set of technologies and operates within a security profile designed to ensure our client's data is secure and the applications operate efficiently and effectively.  As a result of the decisions made regarding technologies and to meet the high security standards, there are differences between what is available using the Managed Services and what a client could do if they hosted and operated the Suite themselves.

The following items are not included or allowed in the Maximo Application Suite Managed Services offering:

## Databases
{: #databases}

Only DB2 is supported.  Oracle and SQLServer are not supported.  Conversion services are available.

Note: DB2 Text Search is not supported.

Note: Running SQL statements (update/insert/delete) directly on databases (production or non-production) is not allowed and IBM SRE team will not be able to execute those statements for you. Customers must carry out these changes using the UI via different means for example using Automation scripts or MIF. For further details on use of automation scripts, please see document below:

https://ibm-maximo-dev.github.io/maximo-autoscript-documentation/introduction/whatisautoscript

## Manage Application
{: #manage-application}

No Java extensions are supported.  It is assumed the Manage auomation scripting capability will be used for these types of extensions.  Existing Maximo customers who have Java extensions will need to move these functions into automation scripts within the application. See link above for further details

## 3rd Party Applications
{: #3rd-party-applications}

Maximo Application Suite Managed Services will not host or support any 3rd party applications.  3rd Party applications hosted outside the MAS-MS environment can be integrated to applications with the Suite provided they follow standard integration protocols.

## Access
{: #access}

Clients will not have access to the operating system, file system or overall system administration of the Suite.  DBAdmin access or direct updating of the database is not allowed.

## MAS Administrator Functions
{: #mas-administrator-functions}

Direct access to the clusters is not available.  Changes required must be submitted using an IBM support case system and the IBM SRE team will execute. 

## AppConnect
{: #mas-app-connect}

AppConnect is included as an entitlement with the Maximo Application Suite, but the Managed Service does not implement or support this within the MAS-MS environment.  The client is responsible for implementing AppConnect or beginning with version MAS v8.7, AppConnect SaaS will be supported.

## Self-Service Portal
{: #mas-ssp}

A self service portal (SSP) for MAS Managed Service is not available at this time and is under construction.
