reference.md, before:

---

copyright:
  years: 2015, 2020
lastupdated: "2022-07-19"

subcollection: mas-ms

---

{:shortdesc: .shortdesc}
{:screen: .screen}  
{:codeblock: .codeblock}  
{:pre: .pre}
{:tip: .tip}
{:note: .note}
{:external: target="_blank" .external}

# Services
{: #services}

## Scope of Services
{: #scope-of-services}

IBM Maximo Application Suite Managed Service (MAS-MS) is an offering supported by IBM's Cloud Delivery Services and Development Operations team. IBM has been hosting Maximo systems for over 12 years and has deep experience provisioning and supporting Maximo on IBM Cloud. The Managed Services team is solely focused on Maximo Application Suite delivery, providing expert IT administration for both infrastructure and operations and support for customers through the IBM Support Community Portal. Customers interact with the IBM Managed Services team members via case creation, interaction and followup. Team members are based out of Canada, the United States, Brazil, Ireland, India, China and Australia. MAS-MS is a subscription based hosting service exclusively offered on the IBM Cloud platform. The diagram below shows the general scope of MAS-MS:


![Enter image alt text right here.](images/MAS-MS-Scope-of-Services.jpg "MAS-MS Scope of Services"){: caption="Figure 1. MAS-MS Scope of Services" caption-side="bottom"}

## Service Description
{: #service-description}

Please see link below to the current Service Description for Maximo Application Suite Managed Service. Please check this link regularly as it is updated periodically and the current service description takes precedent.

https://www.ibm.com/support/customer/csol/terms/internal?id=i126-8819&lc=en#detail-document

## Service Level Agreement
{: #service-level-agreement}

The Service Level Agreement (SLA) for MAS-MS is described in Section 3 of the service description document (above).

SLA Summary for Maximo Application Suite Managed Service (MAS-MS):

* 99.9 % Availability (Production Environment)
* SLA does not include planned or emergency maintenance windows. For details on the maintenance window schedule, see Maintenance section
* SLA applies to production environments only
* Availability credits for availability of less than 99.9%

Commit message:

Updated TOC and Added reference.md
Updated TOC and Added reference.md

reference.md, after:

---

copyright:
  years: 2015, 2020
lastupdated: "2020-11-12"

subcollection: mas-ms

content-type: tutorial
completion-time: 10m

---

{:shortdesc: .shortdesc}
{:screen: .screen}  
{:codeblock: .codeblock}  
{:pre: .pre}
{:tip: .tip}
{:note: .note}
{:external: target="_blank" .external}
<!-- {:step: data-tutorial-type='step'} Apply to steps for automatic numbering -->

# Getting started with IBM Maximo Application Suite - Managed Service
<!-- {: #getting-started} -->
<!-- {: toc-content-type="tutorial"} Always use this value -->
<!-- {: toc-services=""} Use same value from services metadata above - that is, in most cases, leave empty. -->
<!-- {: toc-completion-time="10m"} Use same value from completion-time metadata above -->

<!-- The title of your H1 should be Getting started with _service-name_, where _service-name_ is the non-trademarked short version conref. -->
<!-- The goal should be a tutorial of 10 minutes or less. -->

## Scope of Services
Maximo Application Suite Managed Service (MAS-MS) provides IBM managed provisioning, installation, configuration, operational support, security, maintenance and administration of Maximo Application Suite for customers on the IBM Cloud platform. MAS-MS combines key IBM technologies: IBM Cloud, Red Hat Open Shift, IBM Cloud Pak for Data and IBM Watson - into a focused MAS services solution, allowing customers to make implementation of product functionality & features a priority.

## Operations and Support
Before you can use Maximo Application Suite Managed Service, environments must first be ordered and provisioned by the IBM MAS-MS operations team. To obtain more information about the MAS-MS offering and available options, please contact your IBM Salersperson or an Authorized IBM Partner. If you do not know or do not have an IBM Saleperson or Authorized reseller, please complete and submit the consultation form (link below). An IBM representative will be in contact with you.

https://www.ibm.com/products/maximo?schedulerform=

## Provisiong

Once you have been notified that your MAS-MS environments have been provisioned, return this this space for further information on MAS-MS operations and support, maintenance, security and the additional topics listed below.
